annot: Put the garlic, shallot and ginger in food processor
ACTID: 0
PRED: put
[DOBJ, food] the garlic (-1), shallot (-1), ginger (-1)
[PP, location, in] food processor (-1)
annot: Add in minced pork and prawn together with corn starch and vegetable oil
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] minced pork (-1), prawn (-1), corn starch (-1), vegetable oil (-1)
[PP, food, ] (0)
annot: Add oyster sauce, fish sauce, cracked pepper
ACTID: 2
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] oyster sauce (-1), fish sauce (-1), cracked pepper (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Blend the ingredients to a paste
ACTID: 3
PRED: blend
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (2)
[PP, food, to] a paste (-1)
annot: cover to freeze the paste for 30 minutes
ACTID: 4
PRED: freeze
[DOBJ, food] the paste (3)
[PP, food, for] 30 minutes (-1)
annot: mix the 'roast red pork seasoning mix' with water and pork
ACTID: 5
PRED: mix
[DOBJ, food] the roast red pork seasoning mix (-1), water (-1), pork (-1)
annot: Soak the mushroom in boiled water
ACTID: 6
PRED: soak
[DOBJ, food] the mushroom (-1)
[PP, food, in] boiled water (-1)
annot: Cook some pork in boiling water with salt and vinegar
ACTID: 7
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some pork (-1)
[PP, food, in] boiling water with salt (-1), vinegar (-1)
annot: Drain
ACTID: 8
PRED: drain
[DOBJ, food] (7)
annot: rinse the pork after it is well cooked
ACTID: 9
PRED: rinse
[DOBJ, food] the pork (8)
annot: Add water, salt, peeled onion, radish chunks, dry shrimps, and mushrooms to the pork while cooking to a boil
ACTID: 10
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] water (-1), salt (-1), peeled onion (-1), radish chunks (-1), dry shrimps (-1), mushrooms (6)
[PP, food, to] the pork (9)
annot: wrap the filling in the wonton wrappers
ACTID: 11
PRED: wrap
[DOBJ, food] the filling (4)
[PP, food, in] the wonton wrappers (-1)
annot: cut the cooked cha siu into slices
ACTID: 12
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the cooked cha siu (5)
[PP, food, into] slices (-1)
annot: Cook the noodles in boiling water
ACTID: 13
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] the noodles (-1)
[PP, location, in] boiling water (-1)
annot: Add some sesame oil to the noodles
ACTID: 14
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some sesame oil (-1)
[PP, food, to] the noodles (13)
annot: Cook some bean sprouts, baby bokchoy and the wontons
ACTID: 15
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] some bean sprouts (-1), baby bokchoy (-1), the wontons (11)
annot: place the ingredients and the cha siu slices on top of the noodles
ACTID: 16
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the ingredients (15), the cha siu slices (12)
[PP, food, on] top of the noodles (14)
annot: add in some soup base to serve
ACTID: 17
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] some soup base (10)